I am currently a computer science undergraduate studying in sophomore year in a reputed institute of India , National Institute of Technology, Surat, India. I am deeply interested in data science and applications of machine learning in this field. I have been into web development with Django (python's framework) and  I have been studying data structures and algorithms as part of curriculum and otherwise and I am motivated to expand my horizons and learn something completely fascinating and practical. I want to learn how they make trends, recommendations and much more. I want to solve some real life problems that can be studied due to data science.

A certificate is of significant value to me, it adds more credibility to my goals and personality. It helps others to identify my dedication in the field I am pursuing. It also shows I can complete a rigorous training and pass it.


Dear Reader, Greetings !!!
I am a student from India. In India most student are dependent on their parents for their education at least until they graduate with few exceptions. And most parents can hardly afford to pay even the tuition fee for the colleges ( which can be as low as 35000 INR or $521 per semester). And eventually most student complete their graduation on a student education loan.
I happen to be one among those student. My father is a Class-III government employee and we are 3 siblings. Needless to describe the pressure on him to take care of entire family.

I am very much motivated to take this course and certainly can't afford it but I hope that you will consider my request.
I hope I described my financial conditions well enough.

I will try to go through the discussions in the forums and answer the question to the best of my knowledge and help the fellow learners to the best of my capabilities.
I hope to contribute positively  to this platform.
0l361irGxAL6B1lf
z4pEam9hST2mOgRS
3kW7yE0lHxOVvKMY
XWHhL9XESprNfG1V
OH4sSWoCFNvlTzOd
ymVVS49nUzz8ZXWg
vrgbrUFqKWNXPzIT


A certificate is of significant value to me, it adds more credibility to my goals and personality. It helps others to identify my dedication in the field I am pursuing. It also shows I can complete a rigorous training and pass it.

I will try to go through the discussions in the forums and answer the question to the best of my knowledge and help the fellow learners to the best of my capabilities.
I hope to contribute positively  to this platform.
I will do whatever it takes to complete this course and try to follow the schedule strictly . I am avid learner, I take down notes and revise it. I assure you that my efforts will always be cent percent to accomplish this certificate and learn something valuable. When I have enough I will give back to the community as token of thanks and gratitude which you showed upon me.